[chore] Add definition for documentation label (#27628)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: CONTRIBUTING.md

| `bug`                | Something that is advertised or intended to work isn't working as expected.                                                                                                                             |
| `enhancement`        | Something that isn't an advertised feature that would be useful to users or maintainers.                                                                                                                |
| `flaky test`         | A test unexpectedly failed during CI, showing that there is a problem with the tests or test setup that is causing the tests to intermittently fail.                                                    |

> | `documentation`      | This is a collector usability issue that could likely be resolved by providing relevant documentation. Please consider adding documentation for an issue with this label.                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `documentation`      | This is a collector usability issue that could likely be resolved by providing relevant documentation. Please consider adding new or improving existing documentation before closing issues with this label.                               |
```
